msgid:  Reset changes
msgstr: Reset changes

msgid:  Architectures
msgstr: Architectures

msgid:  Link destination for info docs
msgstr: Link destination for info docs

msgid:  Some package will only be updated after you have terminated the GUI!\nPlease do so and after a short time restart the GUI.
msgstr: Some package will only be updated after you have terminated the GUI!\nPlease do so and after a short time restart the GUI.

msgid:  Install font/macro doc tree
msgstr: Namesti dokumentacijo za pisave in makre

msgid:  Select the collections to be installed
msgstr: Zbirke, ki naj se namestijo

msgid:  Paper settings
msgstr: Paper settings

msgid:  info to
msgstr: info strani v

msgid:  Information on the selected item
msgstr: Information on the selected item

msgid:  TEXDIR (the main TeX directory)
msgstr: TEXDIR (vrhnji TeX direktorij)

msgid:  collections out of
msgstr: zbirk od

msgid:  Load
msgstr: Load

msgid:  Default installation source
msgstr: Default installation source

msgid:  Updates for the tlmgr are present.\nInstallation and upgrades won't work without being forced.\nPlease go to the update screen and press the "update all" button.\nThe program will terminate after the update.\nThen you can restart the program for further updates.
msgstr: Updates for the tlmgr are present.\nInstallation and upgrades won't work without being forced.\nPlease go to the update screen and press the "update all" button.\nThe program will terminate after the update.\nThen you can restart the program for further updates.

msgid:  Installation
msgstr: Namesti TeX Live

msgid:  Press this button to load the database from the specified location.
msgstr: Press this button to load the database from the specified location.

msgid:  Toggle
msgstr: Vključi/Izključi

msgid:  This may take some time!\nPlease wait, the output will appear here when ready.\n
msgstr: This may take some time!\nPlease wait, the output will appear here when ready.\n

msgid:  Change variable value
msgstr: Nova vrednost spremenljivke

msgid:  Default backup directory
msgstr: Default backup directory

msgid:  TeX Live 2009 Installation
msgstr: Namestitev TeX Live 2009

msgid:  All
msgstr: All

msgid:  Please click on an item on the left for details
msgstr: Please click on an item on the left for details

msgid:  Default net location
msgstr: Default net location

msgid:  Further Customization
msgstr: Napredne nastavitve

msgid:  Select architectures to be added (removal not possible)
msgstr: Select architectures to be added (removal not possible)

msgid:  Ok
msgstr: V redu

msgid:  None
msgstr: None

msgid:  Remove TeX Live 2009
msgstr: Remove TeX Live 2009

msgid:  Select language-specific documentation
msgstr: Prevodi dokumentacije

msgid:  Loading local TeX Live Database\nThis may take some time, please wait!
msgstr: Loading local TeX Live Database\nThis may take some time, please wait!

msgid:  Completed
msgstr: Completed

msgid:  Update all
msgstr: Update all

msgid:  Change Location
msgstr: Change Location

msgid:  Select language support
msgstr: Jezikovni paketi

msgid:  Default paper for all
msgstr: Default paper for all

msgid:  Create formats on installation
msgstr: Create formats on installation

msgid:  Update
msgstr: Update

msgid:  For collections: install or remove will not install/remove the dependencies
msgstr: For collections: install or remove will not install/remove the dependencies

msgid:  Remove
msgstr: Remove

msgid:  Next
msgstr: Next

msgid:  TEXMFSYSCONFIG (directory for local config)
msgstr: TEXMFSYSCONFIG (lokalna konfiguracija)

msgid:  Select a scheme
msgstr: Izberite shemo za namestitev

msgid:  No
msgstr: Ne

msgid:  (please change TEXDIR first!)
msgstr: (Spremenite TEXDIR!)

msgid:  ...please change me...
msgstr: ...please change me...

msgid:  Please wait a bit after the program has terminated so that the update can be completed.
msgstr: Please wait a bit after the program has terminated so that the update can be completed.

msgid:  Turn on debug mode.
msgstr: Turn on debug mode.

msgid:  Debug
msgstr: Debug

msgid:  Deselect All
msgstr: Briši izbor

msgid:  Select paper format for
msgstr: Select paper format for

msgid:  The database of the installation source has not been loaded.\n\nPlease use the "Load" (and possibly "Change") button to do so.
msgstr: The database of the installation source has not been loaded.\n\nPlease use the "Load" (and possibly "Change") button to do so.

msgid:  Installation for all users
msgstr: Installation for all users

msgid:  Change source from where packages are fetched at installation and update time.
msgstr: Change source from where packages are fetched at installation and update time.

msgid:  Starting
msgstr: Starting

msgid:  Removals of binary systems currently not supported!
msgstr: Removals of binary systems currently not supported!

msgid:  See TEXDIR/index.html for links to documentation.\nThe TeX Live web site (http://tug.org/texlive/) contains any updates and corrections. TeX Live is a joint project of the TeX user groups around the world; please consider supporting it by joining the group best for you. The list of groups is available on the web at http://tug.org/usergroups.html.
msgstr: Glej TEXDIR/index.html za povezave do dokumentacije. Na domači strani\n(http://tug.org/texlive/) lahko najdete posodobitve in popravke.\nTeX Live je skupni projekt društev uporabnikov TeX-a širom sveta;\npodprete ga lahko s pristopom k enemu izmed njih. \nSeznam društev uporabnikov TeX-a je na voljo na http://tug.org/usergroups.html.

msgid:  Status output
msgstr: Statusna vrstica

msgid:  Install font/macro source tree
msgstr: Namesti izvorno kodo za pisave in makre

msgid:  Apply changes
msgstr: Apply changes

msgid:  (no description available)
msgstr: (no description available)

msgid:  Welcome to the installation of TeX Live 2009\nhttp://tug.org/texlive\n\nThis wizard will guide you through the installation.\n\nFor an advanced, customizable installation, please consult\nthe web pages or installation guide.
msgstr: Welcome to the installation of TeX Live 2009\nhttp://tug.org/texlive\n\nThis wizard will guide you through the installation.\n\nFor an advanced, customizable installation, please consult\nthe web pages or installation guide.

msgid:  Install macro/font sources
msgstr: Install macro/font sources

msgid:  binaries to
msgstr: binarne datoteke v

msgid:  Install for all users
msgstr: Install for all users

msgid:  TEXMFSYSVAR (directory for autogenerated data)
msgstr: TEXMFSYSVAR (samodejno generirane datoteke)

msgid:  Finish
msgstr: Konec

msgid:  Destination folder:
msgstr: Destination folder:

msgid:  (no language collection selected!)
msgstr: (Nobena jezikovna zbirka ni izbrana!)

msgid:  Yes
msgstr: Da

msgid:  Create shortcuts in menu and on desktop
msgstr: Integracija v sistem

msgid:  Binary system(s)
msgstr: Izbrane platforme

msgid:  Use letter size instead of A4 by default
msgstr: Privzeto uporabi format letter namesto A4

msgid:  without depends
msgstr: without depends

msgid:  Change file associations
msgstr: Change file associations

msgid:  Update symbolic links
msgstr: Update symbolic links

msgid:  Use Ctrl or Shift or drag to select more
msgstr: Use Ctrl or Shift or drag to select more

msgid:  The destination folder will contain the installation.\nIt is strongly recommended to keep the year as the last component.
msgstr: The destination folder will contain the installation.\nIt is strongly recommended to keep the year as the last component.

msgid:  Change
msgstr: Spremeni

msgid:  out of
msgstr: od

msgid:  Select packages
msgstr: Select packages

msgid:  manpages to
msgstr: man strani v

msgid:  Add TEXDIR/texmf/doc/man to MANPATH.\nAdd TEXDIR/texmf/doc/info to INFOPATH.\nMost importantly, add TEXDIR/bin/PLATFORM\nto your PATH for current and future sessions.
msgstr: Dodajte TEXDIR/texmf/doc/man v MANPATH,\n TEXDIR/texmf/doc/info v INFOPATH,\nše zlasti pa ne pozabite dodati TEXDIR/bin/PLATFORM v PATH.

msgid:  create symlinks in standard directories
msgstr: ustvari simbolne povezave v standardnih imenikih

msgid:  Selected scheme
msgstr: Izbrana shema

msgid:  Remove symbolic links
msgstr: Remove symbolic links

msgid:  Everything up-to-date!
msgstr: Everything up-to-date!

msgid:  Advanced customization
msgstr: Advanced customization

msgid:  TEXMFLOCAL (directory for site-wide local files)
msgstr: TEXMFLOCAL (lokalne datoteke)

msgid:  This screen allows you to configure some options
msgstr: This screen allows you to configure some options

msgid:  TEXMFHOME (directory for user-specific files)
msgstr: TEXMFHOME (uporabnikove datoteke)

msgid:  Auto backup setting
msgstr: Auto backup setting

msgid:  Welcome to TeX Live!
msgstr: Dobrodošli v TeX Live-u!

msgid:  No updates found.\n\nYour installation is set up to look on the disk for updates.\n\nIf you want to install from the Internet for this one time only, click on the "Change" button above and select "Default Net Location" (or any other network location you know to be working).\n\nIf you want to change it permanently, go to the "Configuration" Tab and change the default installation source.
msgstr: No updates found.\n\nYour installation is set up to look on the disk for updates.\n\nIf you want to install from the Internet for this one time only, click on the "Change" button above and select "Default Net Location" (or any other network location you know to be working).\n\nIf you want to change it permanently, go to the "Configuration" Tab and change the default installation source.

msgid:  Select All
msgstr: Izberi vse

msgid:  Basic Information
msgstr: Osnovne nastavitve

msgid:  Actions
msgstr: Actions

msgid:  Select arch-os
msgstr: Izbrane platforme

msgid:  Options
msgstr: Ostale možnosti

msgid:  Please use the "Add/Remove Programs" from the Control Panel!
msgstr: Please use the "Add/Remove Programs" from the Control Panel!

msgid:  Default paper for
msgstr: Default paper for

msgid:  Re-create all formats
msgstr: Re-create all formats

msgid:  Install
msgstr: Install

msgid:  New location: 
msgstr: New location: 

msgid:  Update selected
msgstr: Update selected

msgid:  Default settings
msgstr: Default settings

msgid:  New default installation source
msgstr: New default installation source

msgid:  Complete removal completed
msgstr: Complete removal completed

msgid:  Install TeXworks front end
msgstr: Install TeXworks front end

msgid:  Install macro/font docs
msgstr: Install macro/font docs

msgid:  Updating packages
msgstr: Updating packages

msgid:  Directory setup
msgstr: Nastavitve imenikov

msgid:  (use ~ for %%%)
msgstr: (uporabite ~ za %%%)

msgid:  disk space required
msgstr: potreben prostor na disku

msgid:  Search
msgstr: Search

msgid:  Loading remote TeX Live Database\nThis may take some time, please wait!
msgstr: Loading remote TeX Live Database\nThis may take some time, please wait!

msgid:  Adjust PATH setting in registry
msgstr: Adjust PATH setting in registry

msgid:  Uninstallation
msgstr: Uninstallation

msgid:  About
msgstr: About

msgid:  Install selected
msgstr: Install selected

msgid:  We are ready to install TeX Live 2009.\nThe following settings will be used.\nIf you want to change something please go back,\notherwise press the "Install" button.
msgstr: We are ready to install TeX Live 2009.\nThe following settings will be used.\nIf you want to change something please go back,\notherwise press the "Install" button.

msgid:  Current installation source:
msgstr: Current installation source: 

msgid:  Remove selected
msgstr: Remove selected

msgid:  Could not load the TeX Live Database from $newroot\nIf you want to install or update packages, please try with a different installation source/location!\n\nFor configuration and removal you don't have to do anything.
msgstr: Could not load the TeX Live Database from $newroot\nIf you want to install or update packages, please try with a different installation source/location!\n\nFor configuration and removal you don't have to do anything.

msgid:  Link destination for programs
msgstr: Link destination for programs

msgid:  Choose Directory
msgstr: Choose Directory

msgid:  Cancel
msgstr: Prekliči

msgid:  Change default installation source
msgstr: Change default installation source

msgid:  Re-initialize file database
msgstr: Re-initialize file database

msgid:  Create all format files
msgstr: Generiraj vse formate

msgid:  Update font map database
msgstr: Update font map database

msgid:  (default not writable - please change!)
msgstr: (Spremenite imenik - pisanje v izbrani imenik je zaščiteno!)

msgid:  Removing packages
msgstr: Removing packages

msgid:  Create symlinks in system directories
msgstr: Namesti simbolne povezave v sistemske mape

msgid:  Adding packages
msgstr: Adding packages

msgid:  Standard collections
msgstr: Standardne zbirke

msgid:  Go to Wizard
msgstr: Go to Wizard

msgid:  Quit
msgstr: Izhod

msgid:  Link destination for man pages
msgstr: Link destination for man pages

msgid:  Really remove the complete TeX Live 2009 installation?\nYour last chance to change your mind!
msgstr: Really remove the complete TeX Live 2009 installation?\nYour last chance to change your mind!

msgid:  Back
msgstr: Back

msgid:  Only new
msgstr: Only new

msgid:  Force
msgstr: Force

msgid:  Language collections
msgstr: Podpora jezikom

msgid:  Enter path for
msgstr: Nastavite pot do

msgid:  Force the removal of a package even if it is referenced in a collection.
msgstr: Force the removal of a package even if it is referenced in a collection.

msgid:  Configuration
msgstr: Configuration

